# 2400451MCM


This is a repository of code implement for 2024MCM problem B.
It is created by team NO.2400451.
It is mainly for archiving code and set a hyperlink in the report for further information.
What's more, it can be also used for developers who wants to deploy a data analysis especially in ocean current dynamics. 

## How to use the code 

There are 2 directories in the repository, src and data. Src is used for code storage and data is the tested example data for source code. We have to admit that our data is not the very accurate data and there might be missing data since the crawled data can be influenced by various Internet environment.The code in the src directory includes python and matlab code. 

Below is the treesitter of repository
* src
  * patch_current: patch data from [nullschool](https://earth.nullschool.net/)
  * Q1: Solver of ode used for trajectory prediction in question 1.
  * Q2_package: The knapsack algorithm for equipment choice in question 2.
  * Q3: The Bayes search algorithm for searching missing submersible in question 3.
  * Q4_collapse: The analysis for 2 submersible collapsing and avoidance methods in question 4.
  * Q4_traveller: The KSP approximate solution for searching multiple targets in question 4.
* data
  * current*.csv: The current data in Ionian Sea from [nullschool](https://earth.nullschool.net/).
  * depth.csv: The depth data for Ionian Sea.
  * path.csv: The predicted trajectory generated by Q1.m.
  * quienment_data.xlsx: The equipment information for Q2_package.py.

If you have problems in using code, never mind open an issue.